(0.2) --- Bugs & Security

- Fix user jport can't view the contents of his Private directory.
   It's visible on mongolian, but not on japanese. What's wrong?

- Fix the "rename" function
    In file rename, fix it so that hitting the return key completes
    the rename instead of having to hit the "rename" button.

- Fix cutting and pasting into the same folder.

    Currently, this doesn't work. A possible solution would be to
    create a copy, prefaced with "copy of" or simply numbered.

- Fix incompatible browser detection needs to be added. Right now
    older browers (IE 5 on mac, for example) display garbled tables.

- Fix when a single item is selected, display the large mime icon for that item
    under "selected item properties"

(0.2) --- Help

- Feature Add "help" button to mfile header.
    Add "help" button and a corresponding documentation page.

    Documentation exists. "Online documentation" from mfile main page.

    Use the mfile look and feel to link to the various mfile
    documentation pages.

    Link to our mailing list (mfile-help?).
    List needs to get created.

    documentation page:
    http://www.itd.umich.edu/itcsdocs/s4311/

(0.3) --- LS&A Permissions Feature

- Feature Add handling for "current folder" operations.

    We'll need cut, copy, rename, and set permissions for current folder.

    Three ways of doing this:

    1. Add 4 separate links to the the file menu:
	Cut current folder
	Copy current folder
	Rename current folder
	Set permissions for current folder

    2. Add a checkbox next to the large folder icon at the
       top of the menu items, and link this to the file operations when
       selected.

       THIS IS PREFERRED.

    3. Add a "this folder" entry to the existing checklist. Ensure
       that it always remains on top when sorted.

- Feature Re-work permissions tab for usability
    Permissions tab is currently very confusing unless you're
    familiar with AFS "wildkar" rights and how those work.

    Make the permissions tab a list of users/groups
    with a simple drop-down menu selection. We'd like
    to simplify folder and file rights to a few simple
    choices. Advanced choices will still be available
    in another tab.

    something like below (subject to change):

    Groups Blah may: "see this folder when browsing"
                     "see the contents of this folder"
                     "change and/or delete this folder"

    User Blah may:  "see this folder when browsing"
                    "see the contents of this folder"
                    "change and/or delete this folder"

    In this display make abbreviations ike "Group system:anyuser" to Anyone,
    to make permissions a little easier to understand.

    Possibly make current permission tab features available in an
    "advanced" or "advanced AFS management" sub-tab.

--- Non-critical Fixes

- Fix mfile header
    Change mfile header so that it "lines up" exactly with
    the non-ssl mfile login page. Right now it's looking a bit odd.

- Fix the handling of uploading an existing file.
    The current implementation doesn't allow the "clobbering" of an existing
    file and simply fails.

    A pop-up box should give you the option to perform the clobber.

    A fancier option would give you a checkbox to "remember these
    settings", but remembering the settings would require some
    sort of ".mfile" file kept in the users AFS space.

- Fix Sort files without regard to upper and lower case. (case insensitive)

- Fix add secondary key (filename, alphabetical) to sort fields when
    sorting by something else other than filename.

--- Web Stuff

- Feature There should be some way in the "web sites" view to get
    the web-url of any given document. Possibly add a url link into
    the information bar of a given file/directory?

- Feature: view/click/download links for documents
    in webspace: display link, view inline, download
    in non-webspace: view inline, download

- Feature integrate make-webspace functionality.
    (willn)

--- Minor UI enhancements

- Fix Files that mfile is unable to download (files with no read access)
    these files should not have a download icon, and should not have
    a clickable link for their filename.

- Feature interact with ABS to display when an account has been disabled.
   We don't want users who have AFS access disabled poking around on
   mfile and not seeing their home directory.

- Feature if you don't have a home directory, bring up a page/link
   that says something like "you do not have an IFS home directory
   either one was never created for you, or it's been disabled."
   Then provide a link to where they can get help.

- Fix folders which contain only hidden files should display a message
    that "this folder contains only hidden files", in the same way
    that empty folders display "this folder is empty".

- Fix behavior of download filename and icon.

    The filename link should simply be a "normal" download link.

    The icon should be the "force-download" header that's currently
    in place.

    Should these actions be sensitive to the files mime type?

    Other button should just be an a-link to the object in question.
    Open in new window? .mfile saved preferences?

--- Major Features

- Feature Possibly allow the creation/maintenance of a "friends" afs list?
    and then allow the display of "My friends may:" etc?

- Feature Integrate archive file access into mfile

    There be an "open archive" file menu option that
    lights up when an archive is selected. Clicking
    on this option brings up a tab that will allow the following selections:

    expand contents in current folder
    expand contents in folder named "Blah"
    expand contents in arbitrary folder (entered by form below)

    when a folder is clicked on, the option should be added to the
    context-sensitive menu to "turn this folder into an archive"

    "Create an archive out of selected items" would probably
    be the better interface.

- Feature Add an AFS quota display button?

    Display quota at all times.
    Add a "buy more quota" link next to the displayed quota.

    https://accounts.www.umich.edu/umce-bin/umce

    (current IFS quota display)

- Feature Dropbox

    Single button labeled sharing, or dropboxes.

    Allow you to find anyplace that has sharing access for you.

    Will make a list of all the folders that are set up to be deliberately
    shared with you, or groups that you are a member of.

    This will be maintained by some form of database, which will keep
    track of these relationships.

    It's OK for this database to lose consistency when the filespace
    is editted manually.

    Give each "dropbox" folder read access lookup permissions
    for group

    the "difficult" part is coming up with a simple ui

    browse as "mfile", with a friend user piece of text.

    "dropbox" directories will have permissions to an mfile group (or
    user)

- Feature Create want to have a text-editing feature for MIME types
    that would be editable in a web window.

--- Inter-Application Communication:

- Feature Integration with mprint context sensitive "print this file"

- Feature Integration with mail.umich.edu (imp)... context sensitive
    "mail this file as an attachment"

- Feature Integrate mail.umich.edu (imp?) to be able to save read
    attachments as uploaded files.

--- Release

- Feature find total # of users ever.
    Look for how many new users we get every week.
    (willn)

- Feature: Put mfile version number (subtle) in lower left corner.

- Feature: restructure Favorite Locations to "Shared Locations"
    * make Favorites directory a special virtual directory (dotfile)
    * store favorites, group spaces, dropboxes, and shared
    * Get rid of the concept of having an actual "favorites" folder stored in
    the user's AFS space. Create new, easily identified virtual folders that
    may have additional, context-sensitive options that would be displayed in
    the left-hand bar. These folders will eventually include favorites, groups,
    shared and dropboxes
    * Add an "add this folder as a favorite" link as a context-sensitive action.
    * store list of places that someone else has permitted to a user in a database (both for umich users as well as friends)

- Feature: restructure navigation bar to be more contextually sensitive
    * integrate "show hidden files" into rest of nav list

- Feature: work to get approval of new name "filedrawers", and reserve domain name.

- Feature: showcase

